---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

# Week 9: The Cathedral and The Bazaar

## 2 of 3 Lessons
### "Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away."
I think the meaning of this quote is that simplicity is preferable to complexity when it comes to design.

I agree with this quote because I think complex design in software can prevent a lot of poeple from making use of the software itself. By removing barriers and increasing accessibility and simplicity, more people can utilize your product. Also, it just doesn't look very nice when people try to cram features in every nook and cranny. Organization both works and looks better.

### "Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong."
I think the meaning of this quote is that sometimes the way to improve your product isn't by adding a new feature here or fixing up things a little bit over there. Sometimes, a complete overhaul is necessary. Sometimes, you have to look at your entire product in a different light in order to make real, big progress.

I agree with this quote. If you want to constantly improve what you have, there's no way the foundation of your project will last forever. Times will change, technology will get better, and your foundation could be potentially better. The way you go about your project can become out of fashion and sometimes the feature you have to deprecate is everything.

## Favorite Lesson
My favorite lesson is 2. Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse).
This is my favorite lesson because it resonates with me a lot and also provides some comfort knowing this is common. At my first internship, I felt as if I wasn't doing much of anything, since most of what I did copied from others (within the same codebase) instead of solving the problem from scratch. However, I've realized since then that copying and expanding off other people's code is often the most efficient thing to do and that a lot of software engineers do this.

# Project Personal Progress
I'm still working on figuring out why RTL flyouts still align blocks to the left. Also, I've learned that mistakes happen and that open source project maintainers won't ban you the moment you accidentally submit some messed up code. (Thank you @neilfraser) I will continue to work on RTL flyouts this week and hopefully I can also find a bigger issue for the whole team to work on together.