---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

# Week 7: Progress & Wikipedia

## My Personal Progress on the Team Project

I have been looking at issues and I have identified a few issues that would be viable for the team's first issue. I've also set up a Trello to track the group's progress and keep tabs on what has yet to be accomplished. I've joined Blockly's communication Google group as well. My task for this week is to go through some Blockly issues and suggest closing some that seem finished, but are still marked as open issues.

## My Take on Wikipedia

From my point of view, the kind of people who contribute to Wikipedia are really passionate and knowledgable about whatever they contribute information on. I don't think I'll ever personally become a regular contributer because I don't think I'll ever have enough knowledge to feel certified to contribute much at all, let alone become a regular contributer. However, since we have to contribute in some way for this class, I might read through a bunch of more obscure articles to look for typos and grammar errors.

## Comment on The Birth of Wikipedia

The number of articles is certainly out of date. He also mentioned how little it costs to run Wikipedia, while it may be true comparatively, I'm sure it costs much more now. I would also be surprised if there is still only 1 employee. I also wonder if Brian is still working there. I'm also surprised that Flat Earth and Neo-Nazis were a thing even back in 2005. Also, hearing him talk about how a university level encyclopedia wouldn't be accessible and immediately useful to everyone in the world reminds me of a Wikipedia feature that I learned of a few years ago in which you put "simple" before Wikipedia in the link (ie: https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maize) and it shows you a more dumbed-down, shorter version of that page.