---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

# Week 1 Blog Post

## What do I Think "Open Source" is?
When I hear "open source," I think of accessibility and people coming together to create something by the people, for the people.
Some advantages of open vs closed source are that the general public has more access to open source software. Also, it can be easier for projects to grow without immediate monetary backing. People using open source software can see everything that is happening in the code, so transparency is a nice advantage as well.
Some potential problems with open source would be that it can be difficult to maintain if it gets too large without any monetary backing or if people lose interest. It can also be difficult to keep coding style consistent with different contributers. It can also be difficult to work together as a team when everyone has their own priorities and interests.
I decided to register for a class about open source software development because I think there's a lot of potential in open source software. I also think it's a good way to practice coding outside of class and a way to grow. I'm also interested in how the open source development cycle works.

## Open Source Projects that have Influenced Me
I use GIMP on occasion because I don't use Photoshop often enough to warrant paying for it. I use it for classes and for the occasional necessary art asset here and there. Alternatives would be purchasing access to Photoshop or downloading a hacked version of Photoshop/other software online.
I used Audacity when I was taking a Computer Music class. We used it to play music files, manipulate them, and visualize them. Alternatives would be Garageband, which I wouldn't be able to use since I don't use a Mac. 
I used to use Mozilla Firefox as my main web browser. It was my first self-installed web browser and I used it and adored it for many a year. Alternatives would have been staying with Internet Explorer or trying lesser known options as a not-terribly-Internet-savvy child.
I used PHP in my Software Engineering class project. Alternatives that we identified at the time were React JS and Ruby on Rails.