---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

# Week 8: Response to Readings

## The Difference Between Cathedral Model and Bazaar Model
The Cathedral Model utilizes individuals or small groups to carefully craft a project. It's much more centralized than the Bazaar Model, which utilizes almost as many people as possible, all hacking at something together. The Bazaar Model is much more decentralized and there's much more delegation and transparency. Also, Bazaar Model emphasizes releasing early and releasing often, while Cathedral Model releases more slowly and carefully. While Cathedral Model tries to avoid showing bugs to users, Bazaar Model uses the users bug-finding ability as part of the development process.

## My Two Favorite Lessons from "The Cathedral and The Bazaar"
"2. Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse)."

This quote talks about how writing code is important, but so is knowing when writing code isn't the most efficient path. It can oftentimes be smarter to find code that others have written and expand on it in order to save time and effort. The world is your oyster (and codebase), so you may as well make use of it.


"8. Given a large enough beta-tester and co-developer base, almost every problem will be characterized quickly and the fix obvious to someone.
Or, less formally, 'Given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow.' I dub this: 'Linus's Law'."

Basically, if your project has enough people looking at it, using it, and ultimately breaking it, then it also has enough people that every bug will be understandable and easy to someone. With enough people looking at the bugs in your project, there eventually has to be someone who will understand and know how to fix a certain bug.

## Free vs. Open
Free software is more focused on freedom than open source software. While freedom may come as a side effect, most open source supporters don't see that as their main priority. While most open source software is free software, there can be instances where the code is unmodifiable and therefore not free.

# Project Progress
I have submitted a pull request for the issue I commented on last week and it has been accepted. I learned how to work with Github branches, create a pull request, and close an issue. I've also commented on another issue, but I've been told to stay away from that issue due to big work being done on related files. I've looked through more issues and found some more viable ones to work on this week.